hello everyone my name's rising phone
gaming and today I'm bringing you an
armed overview for the grave EOS X
Blademaster I'm said let's do one in and
get a closer look
all right there we go we have a very
wide berth thanks to those two gravy
else heads for the pauldrons very
interesting-looking set indeed
okay statistics and skills when you
first make this armor said it's going to
boost your defense by 480 max doubt
though and that'll boost that boost
we'll go up to 715 elemental resistances
we've got 15 to fire negative 20 to
water 0 to thunder 10 to ice negative 15
- dragon wise you've got three
double slots and single okay as for the
skills here we've got a whopping 20
points to the defense of a possible 25
getting us to fence up large you will
get a defense power multiplier of 1.06
and additionally you'll get 25
additional points to your defense point
of value here we've got 15 points to
guard giving us guard plus 2 which is
the best possible skill you can get from
this at guard plus 2 well this will
decrease your knock back and stamina
consumption whilst blocking and also
decrease your damage by 20 okay so we've
got three partial ones here and the
positive and one partial and the
negative I guess this one isn't too
important but we'll go through them all
here we've got unshakable 5 points to
that 3 points here
- handicraft three points here - guard
up and finally we've got negative 6
points to stamina other guys that's
going to do for this here are my
overview for the graveyards x-blade must
over said hopefully you enjoyed this
video and don't catch you next time and
bye bye for now
you